Include mention of the onError Prop for next/script (#31945)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/script.md

}
```

> 

Reviewer: @molebox This should probably be its own section, right?

Author: I put it with the Script Loading stuff. Happy to move wherever.

> Sometimes it is helpful to catch when a script fails to load. These events can be caught with the `onError` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is helpful to catch when a script fails to load. These errors can be handled with the `onError` property:
```

Author: I'm not sure I agree with your suggested changes. Why do you think "error" is better than "event"?

Reviewer: The returned parameter is an error object

Author: fair.

```jsx
import Script from 'next/script'

export default function Home() {
  return (
    <>
      <Script
        id="will-fail"

>         src="https://non-existant-file.com/script.js"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        src="https://example.com/non-existant-script.js"
```
